Docs/golang v2 (#487)
ingonyama-zk/icicle: docs/docs/icicle/golang-bindings/msm.md

To activate G2 support first you must make sure you are building the static libraries with G2 feature enabled.

```bash

> ./build.sh bn254 -g2

Reviewer: I think we should only have a single place to show how to build with different features. Otherwise they will get lost in the docs and never be up to date

Reviewer: If we want to reference that single location in many places, thats fine. but it doesn't make sense to repeat the same thing

Author: Agree

```

Now you may import `g2` package of the specified curve

```go
import (
    "github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/wrappers/golang/curves/bls254/g2"
)
```

> These packages include `G2Projective` and `G2Affine` points as well as a `G2Msm` method.

Reviewer: its a single package
```suggestion
This package include `G2Projective` and `G2Affine` points as well as a `G2Msm` method.
```
